RHIDP-2596: update OIDC auth provider configurations (#265)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/con-oidc-overview.adoc

        # tokenEndpointAuthMethod: ${AUTH_OIDC_TOKEN_ENDPOINT_METHOD}
        # tokenSignedResponseAlg: ${AUTH_OIDC_SIGNED_RESPONSE_ALG}
        # scope: ${AUTH_OIDC_SCOPE}

>         ## Auth provider will try each sign-in resolver until it succeeds. Comment out the resolvers you do not want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ## The auth provider will try each sign-in resolver until it succeeds. Comment out the resolvers you do not want to use.
```

        signIn:
          resolvers:
            - resolver: preferredUsernameMatchingUserEntityName
            # - resolver: emailMatchingUserEntityProfileEmail
            # - resolver: emailLocalPartMatchingUserEntityName
signInPage: oidc
----

[NOTE]
====

> If no resolvers are provided, the OIDC authentication provider will default to no resolvers and will not function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no resolvers are provided, the OIDC authentication provider defaults to having no resolvers and therefore does not function.
```
